predicting a crash is never easy some
economists use moving averages others
look at fundamentals only some look at
Cycles these Cycles can be any length of
time upwards of hundreds of years when
patterns form people and algorithms take
notice you came here for the
truth let's look at a few charts today
and one in particular is the six Monon
cycle which has formed in the S
SMP let's begin right away with that
very chart this is telling this is very
clear and I want to show you this and
then lead into a few
more but this here A six Monon cycle
which has begun at the end of 20
14 and I would say that this is enough
6mon patterns here
to clearly determine that yes in fact
this is a pattern all right
now what we have in previous instances
as you can see these
declines some of them more steep than
others for example this one here being
more steep than this one
here and the general
Trend since you know 2016 or so has been
up that's clear okay let's let's just
tell it how it is however there is this
question mark at the end and it seems to
be if this six-month cycle is to
continue that the trend is
downward I didn't make this
up I didn't suggest it I'm showing you
the patterns which have formed
historically you make the decision for
yourself what I would also note from
here and this chart doesn't go back far
enough but there was a big stagnation
for quite some time after Q3 had ended
of just you know up and down up and down
but basically
flatlining on the stock markets for that
long period of time and it wasn't until
more recent times where we did see a
rise in the stock market so that's
something that I also wanted to note I
think that's important because people
are you know considering that yes the
stock market has gone up but it was at a
stands still for the longest period of
time and think about all the inflation
that
was uh added at during that time and
everything nobody really takes that into
uh as a factor all right next looking at
the market since 2016 and we're taking
three basic indicators you know with the
uh dollar the gold and the S&P 500 okay
it's good to look at a few basic things
all the time keep up with it you know
about once a month or so you should
measure these and just see where things
are things change over time as you can
see but it's good to just continuously
monitor it I try to give you that on the
channel but if I don't then you should
be doing that on your own okay let's
look at this quickly so right here we're
essentially talking about the end of
December okay since that point we have
had a little bit of a rally in gold and
you could see where it has ended up uh
in more recent times the S SMP
obviously which has been uh the best
performer it
seems slow and steady Rising during this
time and then you have the dollar which
in you know the past few months has
actually to taken a little dip
there I don't really have an opinion on
this chart in particular I just wanted
to show you what has happened when you
compare this to uh Emerging Markets you
get a different picture and everything
but I just want to show you these three
markets right here
where in this period of time you have
seen gold the dollar and the S&P 500 all
come up it's interesting
anyway this is just another example of
computer algorithms us houseal freedom
caucus chairman Meadows there are still
not enough votes to pass the health care
bill and you see this
massive straight down line okay and when
you look at the actual value that it
declined I mean it doesn't necessarily
mean
that that's you know a huge jump but the
volume is intense at this time and also
you're looking at the speed of that
decline now see on the way up it seems
to have a little bit more of a steadier
rise on the way down it just drops off
these are computer algorithms okay
that's just just the way this is
whenever you see it drop off in a
straight line you know it's a computer
algorithm that's just the way it
is so look for I should mention look for
those as things go on when news comes
out you see the different markets
whatever they might be and look at them
look at those charts look how they are
affected all right moving on the S&P
500 versus basically the this is
earnings
okay S&P 500 versus the
earnings lo and behold the
tech.com
boom we are now at the same level that
we were back then comparing this to the
financial crisis what happened well you
had not even close in this
regard having this crash take place okay
what can we expect well in the previous
instance. boom we saw this particular
ratio of declining significantly after
whether or not that'll be the case again
I don't know all I know is that we are
record highs for this it's never a good
thing to go and bust Beyond this type of
record you don't necessarily want that
that's not a good thing and this here is
another price earnings type ratio where
in this case we are second only
second to be the top right now that
would be the doom boom and the Great
Depression and in this the cape price
E10
ratio we're looking at number three
basically at this time and it seems to
be just increasing since the financial
crisis has gone on the uptrend okay once
again I don't like that I don't like how
it has gone up so dramatically and
seeing what it has done
before not a good thing
and then you look at the total market
cap versus the
GDP and yet another rise coming up from
I would say after the financial
crisis it has led upwards
significantly and it has actually beat
out all but once again the
tech.com
boom it's actually getting pretty close
and the reason that the tech boom was so
important was because the numbers became
nothing but thin air nothing but garbage
it was all a
fraud and it was very
clear there wasn't necessarily anything
pushing it into a territory where it
should have been it was all just made up
completely fraudulent numbers now we of
course we had all the
subprime garbage that happened
throughout you know leading up to 20072
2008 time frame but I would just say
that clearly there is an issue which we
are heading towards in the exact same
direction am I saying there's going to
be a crash tomorrow no I don't know that
but what I'm saying is trying to you
know wave everybody down say you know
the building is on fire I think
everybody should you know
exit that's simply what I'm doing I'm
just trying to warn just trying to tell
individuals if you think there there's
there's a few individuals out
there sad individuals out there
who think that you know there's some
sort of
Nefarious you
know thought behind what I do here I
don't have any paper Investments I sold
the last bit at the end of
2007 so I don't have any stake in the
game
I don't want to get in this game look
how you know how bad it has become now
sure if in March 2009 if I would have
put money into the stock market in a
basket of different
stocks and then sold it today I would
have made a lot of money but I didn't do
that I sold it prior to that crash and
I've simply been doing you know what I
call the money GPS strategy
so you know if if you're making profit
that's excellent good I'm happy because
you know if everybody does well I'm
doing well my family's going to do well
everyone's going to do well you know
it's good it's good to see that that's
not my strategy okay I'm trying to warn
people I'm trying to look at the
fundamentals I'm trying to look at all
the technical analysis I'm trying to
piece it all together from all the
different sectors you know people have
all these type of ideas and and what's
the right thing to do I take it all I
try to piece it together try to simplify
it and that's my program I hope you
appreciate it if you do please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and
global economic collapse even more
informative this gives you a little
breakdown of what they're all about if
you uh want to check them out just go
over to Amazon they have a look inside
features that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take care